okay I think we have enough to start
going hello everyone and welcome to the
quarter positions we can be sink
February 10th
we are recording okay I well first up
actually um we can say hi to will who is
here he's joining yeah the access team
so this is not your buddy team hi trying
to be here excited to join excited to
have you all right okay and I think that
the only new face today should we should
we sing a song like we're doing the ipfs
meaning what song what is hot here we
can skip now okay then let's start going
to the high priority initiatives okay
first up upcoming ships releases Alan
yeah just a quick mentioned that since
we last spoke to release candidates for
Jess IVFs have been now been released
there is a blog post with all of the
release notes you are welcome to have a
read through and review it that would be
cool and if everything goes plan as in
there's no more to show stopping bugs
that crop up it will be released by the
end of the week so should this be our
seat - it starts at 0 oh okay jeet want
to let hands - computer science - ok i
upgrade testing in front
yeah opponents not a picture yeah baby
we're all easier I don't see Rose so
yeah I'll give a short update so version
0.1 has been released last week a few
people are already testing it we already
solved of your box with it
and on master there are already a few
improvements and we'll be doing some
planning for version 0.2 probably
tomorrow and this should probably learn
next week at some point so yeah hello a
lot of small incremental improvement
that's pretty much it you are muted
Steven even your mere that thank you
living at the Contra betting line peer
records I don't know who put this in
here it was me yeah
so sign pure records should be landing
Raul's hoping today I'm betting that
will probably be tomorrow but tomorrow
we should have that the not joining a
DHT went behind an app that work is
pretty much should mostly be the way
there I think we're waiting on one PR to
finish that up and with that we're
starting to kick off work on the
disassociating routing table membership
from connection state there is some
discussion happening around that that we
should try to nail down soon
so if we can't talk about that a little
later today maybe we can talk about that
Limpy 2p or tomorrow the test ground
content writing meeting and then yeah I
think the big thing is the work a Dean's
doing on disjoint paths and terminating
query improvements and obstacles arrows
test ground I don't know if you want to
give it update on them
yeah so running tests the tests are
looking good especially when you have
high numbers of undoubtable notes the
the new DHT code is looking much better
than before but I can't really give
solid numbers because I want to see how
this thing works cuz the number of notes
scale out you don't want to give people
up no false hope until until I have more
concrete
evidence but it is looking much faster
so there his help did we get over the
obstacles that we were having with the
testing I mean sort of it the obstacles
we got we got over the obstacles mostly
of running the tests we need to know
however in order to scale them to scale
them to more nodes and not have me wait
like three hours per test we need I
needed to do this simultaneous connect
solution which has allowed me to start
doing that we will see if I run into
more issues you know and as the journey
continues I think
yeah it'll be nice that sound is neck
bug fixed or at least improve okay
gateway subdomain I don't see much it
yeah so good news is that we got
grateful to support for peer IDs as see
IDs and it's not only works in sub
domains and subdomains we read I we
fixed multi codec and redirect to the
properties of the manor
I also fix it in the command line cause
it was like similar code path and and
the rest was mostly writing tests and we
got a pretty good test coverage for C
IDs and peer IDs however what remains
are próximos and dns link itself and
tested dns link i have called with
stephen it will be kind of a challenge
to test it in a way that does not
require connection to the upstream DNS
system but that's my goal to have liked
it self-contained ideally and that's
probably the only remaining work before
the PR is ready for a review I just
don't want to make it on I will keep it
as a draft until we go to the full test
coverage and that's about about it
at Ostend here ok so sorry the final
thing is that we as part of this work we
had the support for HTTP proxy so
basically the Gateway port would also
could act as a proxies that would solve
problem of like localhost domains not
being supported on every platform and
also like enable us to ship tighter
integration maybe with some browser
browser vendors and as a part of that
work I realized there are more leg down
to proxy mode so we support them both
but we need to like test both of them so
that will be a little more work but
global Alan Alan
what kind of platforms don't support
localhost domains is it many or few
subdomain septimius yes yeah yeah look I
saw subdomains basically as far as you
know Linux distributions we like custom
local configuration of DNS like local
DNS caching proxy it depends on the
distribution but that's about it yeah
really it depends
yeah Danny anyone said time did you say
sir in Kachin yeah as far as I know yeah
but we basically we don't want to like
hard code for this specific environment
do this we will have like dynamic test
our subdomains supported let us compile
for example if they are fine if not we
set up HTTP proxy and it will still work
and no user configuration should be
necessary actually
KC box will nice as well because that
means we can use DNS that link so like
we can forward HTTP confessors whatever
dot Enis that link through the proxy so
the user was ever even seen localhost in
that case you'll just see this nice
domain in theory yeah it's in theory
problem our HTTP HSTs
if user already loaded that from HTTP
then there would be an error but I think
that's a for a separate discussion yeah
yeah really we need a man handling
factor uh yeah approximate a little
which we could no we can't even do that
with age just here maybe we could I
don't know okay yeah like it's fun okay
next up it's a puppet jerk yes so this
week I've been working on some new test
plans and test ground so one is seed
selection which means that we need to
verify bits while boys chooses or favors
the lowest latency peers when
downloading stuff one is funds testing
and just making sure that when we put it
up under pressure that it does the right
thing and out of that we're also gonna
do some profiling
and the last one is version
compatibility which is making sure that
the new bit swap and the old bit sock
can talk to each other and then I also
have been working with Steven on some
time management issues what to do like
how to simulate some of the new message
types using timeouts and also what to do
when we get a timeout when we're talking
to appear awesome okay
Mauritius extreme content based honking
Richard yes so a couple more setbacks
took place after I spoke to more to area
Kent with Steven on how certain things
are done in this in this tool progress
is going Carini well I actually updated
the issue the distracting this with with
the new sub sub tasks that what we are
doing to get this to version 0.1 so to
speak and likely that I will be able to
take this life to week please interested
so yeah that's I don't know if I have
any updates here well on the migration
if there is an update I don't see it
there but yeah he's been working on that
we're getting closer
unfortunately it's tricky because we're
trying to support a reverse migration
and in the reverse migration basically
well migrate and then because of how
we're like now administering blocks
we're going to not store the code acts
for the blocks that we're storing yeah
so when we do the reverse migration we
realize we actually look in the pin set
and say okay what is pin traverse the
pin said look at the CI use we're using
in the pin set and then like infer the
right code X with his blocks based on
the CIT use and it's nasty unfortunate
so we do want to
burning is unfortunate like we do want
to add this change to different pipe
with jerko that's your part but zero
which would have a ton of other changes
which will all be wonderful changes but
could you know cause problems for users
so don't use this field downgrade which
started maybe this won't get stuck into
Jabra 5.0 I really wanted to happen and
if it doesn't
oh well it's not the end of the world
but we'll see what we can do
yeah at the end of the day at least
we're getting it done finally so it'll
be there okay that covers all of the
initiatives anyone have any designers
repost I think we want a review it's
like for real for context design group
puzzles are really any issues that you
want reviewed by people what you do here
is you say hey here's my issue here's a
proposal that I want talk through
whoever's interested take it leave your
name and then it's up to you to schedule
the actual meetings people can talk
about this they've had this helps reduce
the synchronous there's like a
synchronous round trips they're like if
you have like a long discussion every
github but this take a gist if you have
a quick discussion yeah a meeting you
can just work through the meeting all
the issues real quickly come back to get
has imposed results so just make
somebody that's what if I don't see
anyone raising their hands so no Bacchus
asks anyone needs a thing anyone else
know something okay question anyone have
any questions
anyone have any random things unless oh
yes little I got a question about socks
like yeah both when we were creating the
RPC API for like the command-line client
and there was like a decision to use the
HTTP for that where they're on a the
like hard blockers for using unique
sockets or something like that for
we intentionally use so you're talking
about the HTTP proxy over the PP streams
oh no no no like for the command-line
client the ITF argument and it's it's
true it's like talking over HTTP was
there like a plan for supporting key
UNIX sockets yes this is actually a
master at the moment
oh so that's working for me awesome I
this I think it's master yeah I should
should work yeah yeah so these that was
always the plan
we had a bunch of users like tracking
various things and those are all thick
so yes I believe now we had support for
this yeah okay do you need easy but yeah
it's like plan for 0.25 or yes yeah okay
yeah basically like build when you start
the daemon you will specify a UNIX
system dress instead of a instead of it
like a tcp doesn't address and it'll
just work in Jerry
where did you get to with the looking of
date Steve that I am currently working
on good luck trying to port some of the
features we had in the old goat logs
that we can actually like mirror our
outputs to multiple sources and stuff
like that so I'm going to go ahead and
try to merge your PR it gets nice
passing to confess because yeah like
this is going to trying to do a thing
yes so actually at this point I think we
can we could also just go directly into
the lips nice warm and add the right
logging output to this warm but then we
need to like set the right what's called
like walk the walls for the right
messages so your solution solvent
syphilis for now what is it drag just
want to know how many parodies the
bootstrappers and the gateways and the
preload nodes connect to over time but
if we were to set the log level that
would give us that right now it would
probably be way more log information
that we need from all the artisan I give
this impress so a tiny plugin to cope if
s that just bugs unique to Terry's
connected and disconnected yeah and what
I'm trying to do is make it look like
globally you can say okay I want with
this subsystem to have this log level
and I kind of stuff yeah I'm gonna try
to use the right way like we found a way
to do it where like we can create like
multiple like we can have like loggers
it's even to other loggers and actually
zap has this thing called the increased
level logger it takes a logger and then
increase like increases the minimum
level so we would set set up one of
those for every single one of our like
subsystems and the command line when you
tell it okay except this level if it's
uh basically the base logger would have
a level debug and all the systems would
have a little like her but then you
could like decrease that level more
specific
subsystem yeah and then that subsystem
would now start logging the phone was
this like missus a global thing but I
would like to ideally will be to have
some way to like create it subscribe to
different levels and different HTTP
streams like that so I have been looking
into that there may be overkill we may
just say well let's make up the next
feature yeah but I think I can do this
like
well he just bought a custom cord to
make this work but I'd only get sympathy
so yeah we're trying to make logging
pretty tonight
yeah the motivation was currently the
only metrics we have for general size
estimated like subjective view of size
of our PFS network was by DHT activity
and then we told charity engine to stop
being DHT servers and start being DHT
clients so the perceived size of the
network just went down by like a hundred
thousands notes
whereas we could get a pretty good idea
of those know just on unique pair IDs
that connect our infrastructure so we
want to capture that information on the
other hand if you tried using the DHT
recently you'll you'll notice that it's
a lot faster yeah you can actually like
find content in our content and things
are kind of working the issue here is
that like a lot of Cheerios are behind
Nats that we couldn't master now the DC
looks the right solution for this out
we're then days will actually decide
what not they should be in HD but also
if you know who's running all those old
nodes running Express zero point four
point one four please tell them to
upgrade that's a very overly it maybe
I'll please jump nodes I don't think so
there's like a hundred of them no 100
stories like a like four K of them
that's not on patreon no.13 so two
questions one given that we know how a
plug-in that can like log out care IDs
can also log out the latencies of those
parodies yeah so like that is something
you could actually plug in yeah the
right way to do this would be like all
the points where we get the information
log it yeah because we actually have a
wonderful point where it gets
information it's not here
but we can well actually no I do
we can log late into this point you have
access to the metrics thing from the
from we have access but the only wrote
like so okay we could use good in the
peer or could say when we can actually
just run pain and find it yeah like an
action oh so we can do is we can look at
the connectors they give me currently
have laid problem is what we initially
connect we probably won't have that
leads yet because like we only get the
latency when it's recorded since
recorded from pain and the DHT we don't
have it yet we want of it yeah so I
ideally we'd also we could look it on
disconnect yes you're right yes I just
connect yeah we can plug it at such
problems we're doing it then we may not
have a public with a yeah the other one
was are the signed the sign care records
are those just for peer records or will
we also be able to use those as like
sign provider records no those are just
peer records is not provided records we
have not picked across the recognition I
fortunately provider records I think we
need to make a switch to 82 5 f 1 9 okay
so for context you're currently using
RSA as our default key type and our keys
are four kilobytes or sorry for kilobits
don't know quite that bad but still
massive so if we decide to do sign
provided records with RSA we are now
going to be announcing these massive
signatures they could well have for
kilobits was a key for killed with the
signature plus like the tiny little
actual like provider record and that's
just a lot of data to sort I if you
switch the easy 5.9 then it's 32 bytes
of key key 32 bytes of signature and
actually noise need to have a key
because now I was like the keys in lies
in the parity so yeah well probably has
to switch the default we could maybe try
sneaking it into jail if I went to her
but this point is so massive already it
scares
we all need to make sure like all the
different plantations I like understand
the inlining and do the in line
incorrectly and do the same thing that
everyone else's so as that things happen
don't be scared it's the most tested
release ever it's also probably them
actually it's not the most massive I
think you're what 4.0 was the most
massive but not sure actually there was
missing was method most masses yes the
Baptist okay any other questions
okay well then I'm going to call the
meeting could Allen quickly to the
cornice opposed the recordings may be
cut off the beginning where we just sat
there chatting and it you know it's um
that's it please remember to add your
async updates and will be other notes
and I say